[VOICE OVER] Anytime you are working
remotely, you are at an increased
risk of being hacked.
The devices are often less secure and
the bad guys can be lurking around every
corner trying to see what you are doing.
You can protect against this and keep card
information secure by:
● Regularly updating your software,
particularly any security updates
● Running up-to-date antivirus software
● Scanning all media and attachments introduced
to your system
● Using a firewall, which is a device or software
product that is designed to block unauthorized
access while permitting authorized communications
● Not visiting questionable web sites
● Only using that system for work
● Always locking the device when not in use, and
● Staying aware of your surroundings and not
working with sensitive information if
something seems suspicious.
Additionally, when working remotely for your
organization, only connect to the internet
while using a virtual private network (VPN).
This technology creates a safe internet connection
that shields your online activity from the bad guys.
Your IT team can set this up for you.
Most importantly, never send full cardholder
numbers over these public networks
without using a VPN along with encryption.